Listen to what you have to say.
You should go and see how big your pig brain is.
I think he's just stimulated
First, he was expelled from the house by the Xiao family
She was dumped by Qian Jiao again
He can't stand reality
That's why I fantasize about what an adult I am every day
In fact, he's a worthless piece of trash
You shut up
Chen Shaojie is your Chen family
It can't stop Brother Hui from attacking our hall
And your anti-inflammatory period
The dust hasn't settled yet.
I will definitely convince the management
I told you so.
I am Tianmen Shensuke
Lost to the project
You can't carry it at all
That's really interesting.
You said you are the Lord God of Tianmen
He said he could convince the nations
And do you believe that?
Not how to know what it is
Okay, I'll give you one more chance
Marry Me
Don't rush to reject me
If you can't get the project away from this crash
I presume you won't be able to keep your position as president either
As long as I'm here
No one can take it away
Wang Fugui
today
The Global Business Summit hosted by our Universal Chamber of Commerce
But before the summit begins
I represent
Minister Wan came to announce a
Trillion-dollar super project partners
Xiao Lintian
Guess if the project partner is the Tang family or me.
The Xiao family still needs to speak
Of course the Tang family
I personally ordered this.
The cooperation object favored by the Universal Chamber of Commerce is
Underground palace arrogance